[Docs] Add quick start guide for a KinD cluster (#11)
ArubaKube/liqo-dashboard: docs/test-kind.md

# Quick Test

> The Liqo UI is designed to work on a production-ready cluster (e.g., equipped with an external load balancer and an ingress controller). The following guide explains how to **locally** set up a minimal running configuration using an ingress controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Liqo UI is designed to work on a production-ready cluster, i.e., equipped with an external load balancer and an ingress controller.
The following guide explains how to **locally** set up a minimal cluster, running on KinD, where the Liqo UI is reachable through an ingress controller.
```

> ## Using KinD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup of the Liqo UI on a KinD cluster
```

Kind does not come with an ingress controller, so we will use the **NGINX Ingress Controller**.

1. **Create the Kind cluster configuration**

Create a file named `kind-config.yaml` with the following content:

```yaml
# kind-config.yaml
kind: Cluster
apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
nodes:
  - role: control-plane
    extraPortMappings:
      - containerPort: 80
        hostPort: 80
      - containerPort: 443
        hostPort: 443
```

1. **Create the cluster**

```bash
kind create cluster --name liqo-dashboard --config kind-config.yaml
```

1. **Deploy the NGINX Ingress Controller**

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/examples/ingress/deploy-ingress-nginx.yaml
```

> > At this point, it is also a good idea to install the metrics-server if you have not already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At this point, it is also a good idea to install the metrics-server if you have not already. Instructions about how to setup a metric server are not provided here.
```

```bash
liqoctl install kind --cluster-id liqo-dashboard
```

More detailed instructions are available in the [Liqo documentation](https://docs.liqo.io/en/latest/installation/install.html#install-with-liqoctl).

> Optionally, you can install a _second_ cluster and start a peering with it in order to allow the Liqo UI to show more information.

### 6. Configure the hostname

Since we are using an ingress controller, the dashboard will be exposed under the hostname `liqo-dashboard.local`.  
In a real cluster, this would normally be resolved by your DNS.  
On a local KinD cluster, you need to manually map it to `127.0.0.1` by adding the following line to your `/etc/hosts` file (or `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts` in Windows):

```text
127.0.0.1 liqo-dashboard.local
```

### 7. Configure the Liqo UI Helm chart

Uncomment the following line in `deployments/liqo-dashboard/values.yaml` in order to use the Liqo UI through the ingress controller:

```yaml
# ingressClassName: "nginx"
```

### 8. Install the Liqo UI Helm chart

```bash
helm install liqo-dashboard ./deployments/liqo-dashboard -f ./deployments/liqo-dashboard/values.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: Yes, sure.
